feat: add README.md. (#26)
minecraft-dev/templates: README.md

<p align="center"><a href="https://minecraftdev.org/"><img src="https://minecraftdev.org/assets/icon.svg" height="120" alt="logo"/></a></p>

Minecraft Development for IntelliJ - Templates
==============================================

## Info and Documentation
<a href="https://discord.gg/j6UNcfr"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/JXu9C1G.png" height="48px"></img></a>

This repository is part of the Minecraft Development for IntelliJ project.

This contains the default templates for this plugin.

> For more informations, please visit [https://mcdev.io](https://mcdev.io) for more informations about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, please visit [https://mcdev.io](https://mcdev.io).
```

## Usage
You simply need to install the plugin Minecraft Development for IntelliJ on your instance of Jetbrains IntelliJ Idea.

> For more informations about this plugin's installation, please see [this explanation](https://github.com/minecraft-dev/MinecraftDev?tab=readme-ov-file#installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about this plugin's installation, please see [this explanation](https://github.com/minecraft-dev/MinecraftDev?tab=readme-ov-file#installation).
```

## Testing

> If you're in the will of modifying this templates or create your owns, please see [https://mcdev.io/docs/creating-creator-templates/](https://mcdev.io/docs/creating-creator-templates/) for more help about this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to modify these templates or create your own, please see [https://mcdev.io/docs/creating-creator-templates/](https://mcdev.io/docs/creating-creator-templates/) for information about this.
```

> You can either choose to host your modifications on a GitHub repository or on your local machine. If you choose to host it on your own machine, please select "local" instead of "remote" (as explained in the Documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either choose to host your modifications on a GitHub repository or on your local machine. If you choose to host it on your own machine, please select "local" instead of "remote" (as explained in the documentation).
```

Developers
----------

- Project Owner - [**@DenWav** - Kyle Wood](https://github.com/DenWav)
- [**@Minecrell**](https://github.com/Minecrell)
- [**@PaleoCrafter** - Marvin Rösch](https://github.com/PaleoCrafter)
- [**@RedNesto**](https://github.com/RedNesto)
- [**@Earthcomputer** - Joseph Burton](https://github.com/Earthcomputer)

<!-- #### **Significant Contributors**

> You can either add main project contributors here or place contributors of minecraft-dev/templates here.

Reviewer 2: No need to copy this part of the readme here, will probably be removing this section in the mcdev readme anyways.
